---
title: Escape
layout: post
prompt: https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/4j71ex/wp_for_20_years_you_were_born_and_raised_in_one/

---

I have watched the sun rise and set more than 7000 times, since I first started 
counting. When I began to track the days was when I decided I would spend most
of my time in the basement, since only from the small window in that room can I
actually see the sun.

<!--more-->

I don't remember when I first came here. Long ago I decided that I couldn't
have been born here, else how would I have survived on my own in the beginning?

I've tried to kill myself so many times. The first time was about 2000 days
ago. I took one of the kitchen knives and tried to slit my wrist. As soon as I
brought the knife to my wrist, I passed out. I'm not sure how long I was out,
but I woke up in the bedroom. I don't usually sleep in the bedroom, since there
are no windows there, and the only thing to do besides eat and sleep is to watch
the sun.

The second time, I tried to starve myself. When the weekly delivery appeared in 
the dumbwaiter, I just left it there. I ignored the food completely. I went to
sleep that night starving. When I woke in the morning, I didn't feel as
empty. I don't know how I was force-fed, but I didn't eat for three weeks
straight and never starved.

I've tried to escape, as well, but there aren't many options. One time, after
unloading my weekly supplies from the dumbwaiter, I climbed in, hoping the door
would close as usual, and take me to wherever the food comes from. But as long
as I sat in that dumbwaiter, the door refused to close. I tried to push open the
ceiling and the floor of the dumbwaiter, but they just wouldn't budge.

There are no external doors to try and open, or bang down. I've tried just
hitting the wall as much as I can, but nothing happens, besides getting a bloody
fist.

I figure *they're* watching me, whoever *THEY* are, since I've been prevented from
doing anything that could get me out of here (this house, or this life). But I
think I may have found a hole in *their* surveillance. Yesterday, I took an
apple and a kitchen knife down to the basement. I sat down next to the tiny
window, as I often am wont to do, and began to cut the apple into pieces and eat
them, as I stared at the sky. The sun was already on the other side of the
house, so the only thing to see was an empty sea of gray.

As I was cutting another slice, my hand slipped and cut my finger very
lightly. As I watched the blood trickle from my finger, the sight of it brought
back the depression I feel so often. Even though I knew *they* would stop me, I
started to slit my wrist again. As I began to cut, and the blood began to spill
from my wrist, suddenly I realized something.

**I was cutting my wrist, and *they* hadn't stopped me!** In that tiny corner
next to the window, maybe they can't see me. Maybe I can use this to my
advantage. I bandaged my wound, and began to plan.

So, here I am again crouched in that corner next to the window. The window is
too small for me to fit through. But, I think I can peel back the boards around
it. I don't have a lot to work with, but there's a heavy cleaver in the kitchen
and I think I can use it as a lever to pull the boards back. I'm carefully
placing it between two boards, and with the meat tenderizer, gently pounding it
between the boards.

I'm trying not to make any noise. I have no idea if *they're* listening, and
don't want them to catch on that I'm doing anything but staring out the
window. Hopefully they don't wonder why I needed a cleaver and a tenderizer with
me.

I've managed to pry loose two boards above the window. It's at in an awkward
position, so I still can't see any more than the sky, and it's not enough room,
yet. I've been at it a while and I can't have *them* getting suspicious, so I'm
going to have to wipe the sweat from my face, and leave the next few boards for
tomorrow.

---

I've had my breakfast, and am sitting at the window, as I usually do after
breakfast, but this time, I'm getting out of here. I've managed to pry a few
more boards left. I can feel the air outside. It's warm. It's hot, really
hot. I've ever felt air this hot before, but I I'm not worried about that. One
more plank, and I can squeeze through.

---

Finally! There's enough room for me to get out. I squeeze through the hole, and
out onto the sand outside.

There's nothing around. *Anywhere.* I'm in the middle of a barren
wasteland. There must be something somewhere. *They* must have delivered my
supplies from somewhere, so where are *they*?

I walk for miles. I think it's been miles. I should have brought water. I
beginning to have trouble breathing. I'm not sure how much further I can go.

All my life, I've wondered why *they've* kept me prisoner. But maybe *they* were
just saving me from whatever all of this is.

I can't go any further. I can barely breathe. The heat has completely worn me
out. They always saved me before. Will they save me again?
